- [Instructor] If you'd like to follow along,
with the hands-on lessons in the course,
you'll need to set up the lab environment.
To do that,
we'll need two pieces of software.
The first one is VirtualBox.
We'll use it to launch our Ubuntu virtual machine,
that contains the lab.
To get started with the VirtualBox install,
just click on the downloads link,
on the VirtualBox homepage.
And then from there,
you'll scroll down,
until you find this link,
for VirtualBox older builds.
Here, you'll want to select VirtualBox 6.1
and then you'll find the download links,
for various operating systems.
Go ahead and select the right operating system for you.
I'm going to choose Windows,
and that will start to download the software.
While that's downloading,
let's take a look at our next piece of software.
Which is Vagrant.
The lab is packaged as a Vagrant box.
And we'll use Vagrant to spin it up.
So to get started with Vagrant,
click on the download button on the homepage,
and then scroll down until you find this drop-down.
Here you'll want to select,
Vagrant 2.2.18 and then select the link,
for your operating system.
I'll go ahead and choose Windows once again.
Now I'm not going to walk you through,
the installation for both of these pieces of software.
They both have installers,
and it's fairly straightforward,
to get up and running.
Just select all the default options.
Once you've done that installation,
you can navigate into the exercise files for the course.
Now let's talk about these files some.
Here you'll see the source code,
for each of the microservices,
within our course project.
Now one thing that you need to know,
is that the lab environment contains,
the initial copy of these exercise files.
But you won't be able to go through,
and switch the branches for the different lessons,
within the lab.
You'll have to do that,
on your local workstation,
and then copy the changes for a specific lesson,
over into the lab.
Okay now that we walk through that,
let's talk about how we can spin up the lab.
Inside of the exercise files,
you'll find the lab setup directory.
Let's go ahead,
and we can open that in a terminal.
I'm going to use get bash.
Once you've opened the directory,
inside the terminal,
go ahead and take a look at the Vagrant file.
It's what's going to tell Vagrant,
how to spin up our lab environment.
Now you can leave everything as is,
but you may need to adjust some of the memory settings here,
for your machine.
You can see that I'm running with 16 gigs of Ram,
and six CPUs.
But you can scale this down,
to eight gigs of Ram and four CPUs.
(keyboard clicking)
Now before we launched the lab,
we'll need to install a Vagrant plugin.
That plugin,
is the Vagrant-vbguest plugin.
It's going to help Vagrant work with VirtualBox.
So let's go ahead.
We can install the plugin.
Okay it looks like the plugin has installed.
And now we can just go ahead,
and use Vagrant to launch the VirtualBox,
by issuing the Vagrant up command.
Now once we execute this command,
Vagrant will start to launch,
our virtual machine,
containing the lab environment.
It can take anywhere between 10 and 45 minutes,
depending upon the speed of your network connection.
So you'll want to keep an eye on it,
in case there's a dialogue where you'll have to click okay.
While we wait for the lab to spin up,
let's go ahead,
and we can get started on some of our lessons.